FRs #1055/1073: Refactor Provider Identification, Host Provider, Invoice Issuer (#1139)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/columns/invoiceissuername.md

* InvoiceIssuerName MUST conform to [StringHandling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST NOT be null.

> See [Appendix: Entity Identification Examples](#entityidentification) section for examples of Invoice Issuer values for various use case scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Appendix: Entity Identification Examples](#entityidentification) section for examples of Invoice Issuer Name values for various use case scenarios.
```

* InvoiceIssuerName MUST conform to [StringHandling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST NOT be null.

> See [Appendix: Entity Identification Examples](#entityidentification) section for examples of Invoice Issuer Name values for various use case scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [Appendix: Participating Entity Identification Examples](#participatingentityidentificationexamples) section for examples of Invoice Issuer Name values across various use case scenarios.
```
